Added ACM resources links & GImage example code (#7)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/4-ACM.md

![Picture with GOval, GLine, GRect, GLabel](lab4media/media/image4.png)

> There are a lot of other methods that ```GOval```, ```GLine```, ```GRect```, and ```GLabel```

Reviewer: Can you use single backticks here instead of triple backticks?
Also would be nice if the line breakup was done semantically - each sentence is on its own line and for those that are very long, you break either at a comma, or at some preposition that indicates a long clause (like "that")

Reviewer: I think the rest of the docs are using triple backticks and that is frankly incorrect when it is sprinkled within code, it should be single backticks there, and triple backticks (`) should be used for code blocks

have access to that can be used to manipulate various attributes of each object beyond what
we've done here. Thankfully, the University of Stanford offers a lot of nicely compiled summaries
that condense this information in one place for easy access. If you want to see more specific
documentation about these classes and their uses you can visit the university pages for them here:

- [```GOval```](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GOval.html)
- [```GLine```](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/complete/acm/graphics/GLine.html)
- [```GRect```](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GRect.html)
- [```GLabel```](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GLabel.html)

## GImage

> The last class this lab will introduce today is ```GImage``` class,

Reviewer: I would just do the link here for the GImage class

![Picture with GOval, GLine, GRect, GLabel](lab4media/media/image4.png)

There are a lot of other methods that `GOval`, `GLine`, `GRect`, and `GLabel` have, which
can be used to manipulate various attributes of each object beyond what we've done here.
Thankfully, the University of Stanford offers a lot of nicely compiled summaries for them.
If you want to see more specific documentation about these classes,
then you can visit the university pages for them here:

- [`GOval`](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GOval.html)
- [`GLine`](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/complete/acm/graphics/GLine.html)
- [`GRect`](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GRect.html)
- [`GLabel`](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GLabel.html)

> - [`GImage`](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GImage.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## GImage

> The last class this lab will introduce today is ```GImage``` class,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last class this lab will introduce today is the
[`GImage`](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GImage.html) class,
```

You can use this in combination with a ```setLocation(x, y)```
that will change the object's location if you want the object to be placed in a particular area.

```java
GImage image = new GImage("media/photo.png", START_X, START_Y);
image.setSize(400, 400);
add(image);
```

Just like the other ACM classes we've introduced so far, ```GImage``` has a nicely compiled summary
page [here](https://cs.stanford.edu/people/eroberts/jtf/javadoc/student/acm/graphics/GImage.html)
that shows all of its methods and different uses. Documentation like this is handy for reference

> if you happen to forget anything specific.

Reviewer: Again split into sentence/clause structure, but perhaps if you linked to it above, we need maybe only the last sentence and another sentence just before to remind them to look at the documentation?

You can use this in combination with a ```setLocation(x, y)```
that will change the object's location if you want the object to be placed in a particular area.

```java
GImage image = new GImage("media/photo.png", START_X, START_Y);
image.setSize(400, 400);
add(image);
```

> If you want to learn more about `GImage` remember: take a look at its documentation,
> which was linked to earlier when covering shapes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn more about `GImage` remember to look at its documentation,
which was linked to at the beginning of this section!
```

> Documentation like that is handy for reference if you happen to forget anything specific.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation like this is handy for reference if you happen to forget anything specific.
```
